Summer Cocktails

It's summer and because it's so hot, you and your friends decide to refresh yourself with some cocktails. Your job is to mix them according to different ingredients and their freshness value.
First you will receive a sequence of integers, representing the number of ingredients in a single bucket. After that you will be given another sequence of integers - the freshness level of the ingredients.
Your task is to mix them so you can produce the cocktails, listed in the table below with the exact freshness level. 

Cocktail	Freshness Level needed
Mimosa		150
Daiquiri	250
Sunshine	300
Mojito		400
 
To mix a cocktail, you have to take the first bucket of ingredient and the last freshness level value. 
The total freshness level is calculated by their multiplication. 
If the product of this operation equals one of the levels described in the table, you make the cocktail and remove both bucket with ingredients and freshness value. 
Otherwise you should remove the freshness level, increase the ingredient value by 5, then remove it from the first position and add it at the end. In case you have an ingredient with value 0 you have to remove it and continue mixing the cocktails.
You need to stop making cocktails when you run out of buckets with ingredients or freshness level values.
Your task is considered done if you make at least four cocktails - one of each type.

Input
•	The first line of input will represent the values of buckets with ingredients - integers, separated by single space
•	On the second line you will be given the freshness values - integers again, separated by single space

Output
•	On the first line of output - print whether you've succeeded in preparing the cocktails
o	"It's party time! The cocktails are ready!"
o	"What a pity! You didn't manage to prepare all cocktails."
•	On the next output line - print the sum of the ingredients only if they are left any 
o	"Ingredients left: {sum of the left ingredients}"
•	On the last few lines you have to print the cocktails you have made at least once, ordered alphabetically in the format:
" # {cocktail name} --> {amount}"

Constraints
•	All of the ingredients' values and freshness level values will be integers in range [0, 100]
•	We can have more than one mixed cocktails of the types specified in the table above

Examples
Input			Output							Comment
10 10 12 8 10 12
25 15 50 25 25 15	It's party time! The cocktails are ready!
 			# Daiquiri --> 1
 			# Mimosa --> 2
 			# Mojito --> 1
 			# Sunshine --> 2					First you take the first ingredient and the last freshness level value and multiply them - the result is 150 so we make Mimosa cocktail. 
										Next we have product of 250 and the Daiquiri cocktail is ready. 
										Then we mix the Sunshine cocktail by multiplying 12 and 25. 
										The product of next ingredient value and freshness level value is 400 and we make Mojito cocktail. 
										Next pair is 10 and 15, we multiply them and mix one more Mimosa. 
										The last multiplication of 12 and 25 equals 300 and we make one more Sunshine. 
										There are no more ingredients and freshness values so we stop mixing cocktails, but we have one of each cocktail types and print the proper message.

12 20 0 6 19
12 12 25		What a pity! You didn't manage to prepare all cocktails.
			Ingredients left: 55
		 	# Sunshine --> 1					The first pair is 12 and 25, we mix Sunshine cocktail and remove both of them. 
										Next we take 20 and 12 - the product is 240 - we can't mix a cocktail, so we remove the freshness level value, increase the ingredient value with 5, remove it from the beginning of the buckets sequence and add it at the end.
										Next ingredient has value 0 - we remove it and continue. 
										The next pair is 6 and 12 - again we can't make a cocktail. After that we don't have more freshness level values, so we stop mixing drinks.
										The rest of the ingredients are 19, 25, 11 with sum of 55.

